Improve architecture section with diagram and component table (#16)
SeequentEvo/evo-mcp: README.md

│                        MCP Clients                              │
│         VS Code  ·  Cursor  ·  Claude Desktop  ·  ADK Agent    │
└──────────────────────────┬──────────────────────────────────────┘
                           │ stdio (MCP Protocol)
┌──────────────────────────▼──────────────────────────────────────┐
│                    Evo MCP Server (FastMCP)                      │
│                                                                  │
│  ┌────────────┐  ┌────────────┐  ┌─────────────┐  ┌──────────┐ │
│  │  General    │  │   Admin    │  │    Data      │  │Filesystem│ │
│  │  Tools      │  │   Tools   │  │    Tools     │  │  Tools   │ │
│  │ (always on) │  │           │  │              │  │          │ │
│  └────────────┘  └────────────┘  └─────────────┘  └──────────┘ │
│                                                                  │
│       MCP_TOOL_FILTER: "all" | "admin" | "data"                 │
│                                                                  │
│  ┌────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐  │
│  │              EvoContext (context.py)                        │  │

> │  │   OAuth login  ·  Token caching  ·  Lazy initialization    │  │

Reviewer: I don't know if lazy initialisation is something we need to include.

│  └────────────────────────────┬───────────────────────────────┘  │
└───────────────────────────────┼──────────────────────────────────┘
                                │ HTTPS
┌───────────────────────────────▼──────────────────────────────────┐

> │                        Evo Platform APIs                         │

Author: Good catch — renamed to "Evo APIs" throughout.

│                                                                  │
│     Discovery API  ·  Workspace API  ·  Object API               │
│                    (via Evo SDK)                                  │
└──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

### Key components

| Component | Description |
|-----------|-------------|
| **MCP Clients** | Any MCP-compatible application connects to the server over stdio. |

> | **FastMCP Server** | The core server runtime that handles MCP protocol, tool registration, and request routing. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **FastMCPserver** | The core server runtime that handles MCP protocol, tool registration, and request routing. |
```

| **Tool Modules** | Tools are grouped by category and conditionally registered based on the `MCP_TOOL_FILTER` setting. General tools are always loaded. |
| **EvoContext** | Manages OAuth authentication (with token caching), Evo SDK client initialization, and organization/hub selection. Initialization is lazy — it happens on the first tool call, triggering a browser-based login if needed. |

> | **Evo Platform APIs** | The Evo SDK clients (Discovery, Workspace, Object) communicate with the Evo cloud platform over HTTPS. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Evo APIs** | The Evo SDK packages (block model, geoscience object, workspace) communicate with the Seequent Evo over HTTPS. |
```
